<!DOCTYPE book PUBLIC  "-//KDE//DTD DocBook V3.1-Based Variant V1.0//EN" [
  <!ENTITY kappname "&konquest;">
  <!ENTITY % addindex "IGNORE">
  <!ENTITY % English "INCLUDE" -- change language only here -->
  <!ENTITY % ents PUBLIC "-//KDE//ENTITIES Documentation V1.0//EN">
  %ents;
]>

<book lang="&language;">

<bookinfo>
<title>The &konquest; Handbook</title>

<authorgroup>
<author>
<firstname>Nicholas</firstname>
<surname>Robbins</surname>
<affiliation>
<address><email>logik9000@home.com</email></address>
</affiliation>
</author>
</authorgroup>

<othercredit role="developer">
<firstname>Russ</firstname>
<surname>Steffen</surname>
<affiliation>
<address><email>rsteffen@bayarea.net</email></address></affiliation>
<contrib>Developer</contrib>
</othercredit>

<othercredit role="reviewer">
<firstname>Lauri</firstname>
<surname>Watts</surname>
<affiliation>
<address><email>vampyr@atconnex.net</email></address>
</affiliation>
<contrib>Reviewer</contrib>
</othercredit>

<copyright>
<year>2000</year>
<holder>Nicholas Robbins</holder>
</copyright>

<legalnotice>&FDLNotice;</legalnotice>

<date>16/12/2000</date>
<releaseinfo>0.99.02</releaseinfo>

<abstract><para>&konquest; is a wonderfully complex game for universal domination,
or konquest, if you like.  :)</para></abstract>

<keywordset>
<keyword>KDE</keyword>
<keyword>Konquest</keyword>
<keyword>kdegames</keyword>
</keywordset>

</bookinfo>

<chapter id="introduction">
<title>Introduction</title>

<para>This the KDE version of <application>Gnu-Lactic Konquest</application>, a
multi-player strategy game. The goal of the game is to expand your interstellar
empire across the galaxy and of course, crush your rivals in the process.</para>

</chapter>


<chapter id="using-kapp">
<title>Using &konquest;</title>

<sect1 id="kapp-features">
<title>More &konquest; features</title>

<para>A really entertaining game of universal domination.  The only downfall is
there is no one player mode.  Which means you'll have to find a friend to play
this with.</para>

</sect1>
</chapter>

<chapter id="commands">
<title>Command Reference</title>

<para></para>

<sect1 id="kapp-mainwindow">
<title>The main Konquest window</title>

<para>The Planet Status indicator (the big black box on the left) is your source
for intelligence on the state of the Galaxy. Your spies will report on the
status of your rivals, but not on the native-controlled planets. The information
present in the display is: <guilabel>name</guilabel>,
<guilabel>owner</guilabel>, <guilabel>production</guilabel> rate, fleet strength
(<guilabel>ships</guilabel> and <guilabel>kill percent</guilabel>.</para>

<para>The <guilabel>production</guilabel> rate is the number of ships that
planet will construct in one turn. The fleet strength is the number of
<guilabel>ships</guilabel> currently in place at the planet. And, the
<guilabel>kill percent</guilabel> is a measure of the effectiveness of the ships
produced at that planet. Attack fleets take the kill percentage of their planet
of departure, and defense fleets use the kill percentage of the planet they are
defending.</para>

<sect2>
<title>The <guimenu>Game</guimenu> Menu</title>

<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term><menuchoice>
<guimenu>Game</guimenu>
<guimenuitem>New</guimenuitem>
</menuchoice></term>
<listitem><para><action>Starts a new game.</action></para></listitem>
</varlistentry>
<varlistentry>
<term><menuchoice>
<guimenu>Game</guimenu>
<guimenuitem>Quit</guimenuitem>
</menuchoice></term>
<listitem><para><action>Quits the game.</action></para></listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>
</sect2>

<sect2>
<title>The <guimenu>Help</guimenu> Menu</title>

<variablelist>
<varlistentry>
<term><anchor id="contents"><menuchoice>
<shortcut><keycombo><keycap>F1</keycap></keycombo></shortcut>
<guimenu><accel>H</accel>elp</guimenu><guimenuitem><accel>C</accel>ontents</guimenuitem></menuchoice></term>
<listitem><para>This invokes the KDE help system starting at the the top of this
help file.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><menuchoice>
<shortcut><keycombo
action="simul"><keycap>Shift</keycap><keycap>F1</keycap></keycombo></shortcut>
<guimenu><accel>H</accel>elp</guimenu><guimenuitem>What's
<accel>T</accel>his?</guimenuitem></menuchoice></term>
<listitem>
<para>This changes the mouse cursor to a combination arrow and question mark.
Clicking on items within &konquest; with this arrow will open a help window (if
one exists for the particular item) explaining the item's function.</para>
</listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><menuchoice>
<guimenu><accel>H</accel>elp</guimenu><guimenuitem><accel>R</accel>eport
Bug.</guimenuitem></menuchoice></term>
<listitem><para>If you find an error in the program, or you have an idea on how
to improve the game, clicking this option will let you send an official bug
report to the KDE team.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><menuchoice>
<guimenu><accel>H</accel>elp</guimenu><guimenuitem><accel>A</accel>bout
Ksame</guimenuitem></menuchoice></term>
<listitem><para>This will <action>display version and author
information</action>.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>

<varlistentry>
<term><menuchoice>
<guimenu><accel>H</accel>elp</guimenu><guimenuitem>About
<accel>K</accel>DE</guimenuitem></menuchoice></term>
<listitem><para>This <action>displays the KDE version</action> and other basic
information.</para></listitem>
</varlistentry>
</variablelist>

</sect2>
</sect1>
</chapter>

<chapter id="credits">


<title>Credits and License</title>

<para>&konquest;</para>

<para>GNU-Lactic Conquest Project, KDE version by Russ Steffen, <email>rsteffen@ia.net</email>. 
See <ulink url="http://www.ia.net/~rsteffen/konquest.html">http://www.ia.net/~rsteffen/konquest.html</ulink>
for more information.</para>

<para>Copyright &copy; 1998 by the GNU-Lactic Conquest Project </para>

<para>Documentation copyright 2000 Nicholas Robbins
<email>logik9000@home.com</email></para>

&underFDL;               <!-- FDL: do not remove -->

&underGPL;        	 <!-- GPL License -->

</chapter>

<appendix id="installation">
<title>Installation</title>

<sect1 id="getting-kapp">
<title>How to obtain &konquest;</title>

<para>&konquest; is part of the KDE project <ulink
url="http://www.kde.org">http://www.kde.org</ulink>.  &konquest; can be found in the
kdegames package on <ulink
url="ftp://ftp.kde.org/pub/kde/">ftp://ftp.kde.org/pub/kde/</ulink>, the main
ftp site of the KDE project. </para>

</sect1>

<sect1 id="requirements">
<title>Requirements</title>

<para>In order to successfully use &konquest;, you need KDE 2.0. It is also
reccomended that you have your X server set to over 8bpp, as the plants are
scanned and require a rather high color depth. </para>

<para>All required libraries as well as &konquest; itself can be found on <ulink
url="http://www.ia.net/~rsteffen/konquest.html">The &konquest; home
page</ulink>.</para>

</sect1>

<sect1 id="compilation">
<title>Compilation and installation</title>

<para>In order to compile and install &konquest; on your system, type the
following in the base directory of the kdegames distribution:</para>
<screen width="40">
<prompt>%</prompt> <userinput>./configure</userinput>
<prompt>%</prompt> <userinput>make</userinput>
<prompt>%</prompt> <userinput>make install</userinput>
</screen>

<para>Since Kdegames uses <application>autoconf</application> and
<application>automake</application> you should have not trouble compiling
it. Should you run into problems please report them to the KDE mailing
lists.</para> 

</sect1>

<sect1 id="configuration">
<title>Configuration</title>

<para>When you start &konquest;, you a window settings window pop up.  From here
you need to enter player names, decide the number of planets, and how many turns
are allowed.  (Don't worry, you can add more later) You can also reject the map,
until a you find a galaxy layout you like.  After this, just <guibutton>Start
Game</guibutton>!</para>

</sect1>

</appendix>

&documentation.index;

</book>
